wrong welcome to the weekly in web
browsers and ipfs GUI team sync cool as
is customary we shall do a round of what
I did last week that I think is really
fun and I want to tell you all about and
as is customary vital is the most
organized and has done these updates
first sorry let's get to it why do you
wanna share everything he did last week
I did my updates first ok but about the
organized ok you got you've got pretty
place alright so I don't have like a lot
visually to show this week but I've been
doing mostly some love level peers and
really like peer reviews that are
related to web browser stuff or a
sacrifice he thinks a sacrifice changes
that I need for the break integration
but while like in-between I've added tar
X the package target for ipfs desktop
and that's sort of important because we
had Debian package we had snap up image
rpm but a lot of people like if someone
who just wanted to download ipfs desktop
and just unpack it and run it locally
without installing it using any package
manager they were not able to do that
they had to download all the sources and
build it locally so now we have this
generic package format that can be used
by people to install activex desktop
without root access on their machine so
that enables use cases such as slick in
the in library when you don't have
password for the root administrator
account you can just download IP first
desktop and run it locally or if some
package maintainer for one of multiple
distribution Linux distributions or
other operating systems that we don't
officially support wants to just
repackage pre-built binaries they can
just use this package format to do so so
I think that planteth and truly probably
be attached to the next release so
that's sort of related to Google Apps I
created for a dedicated and streamlined
issue like Malaysia for embedded J's
ipfs in brave so what our goals and
sections for user experience we need to
address and low level stuff that is
lacking or it's not fit or is not
feature part with a go activist so if
you are interested in brief integration
it should paint a like a good picture
where we are and where we heading and I
try to when I discover something new I
try to just add it like I've added a lot
of stuff this week so yep and I've never
finished the arrange request support
like adding arrange request support to
JCAP ifs so range requests are used by
browser vendors or download accelerators
to request a specific chunk of a file
over HTTP and a lot especially it's
especially important for video players
for example like I think the video tag
by default send request sensor range
request from the first byte to the very
end of the file just to see if server is
supporting current requests and if it
does then the embedded player let a user
to seek to a specific part of the video
and then additional request is executed
so that work is nearly done I'm writing
tests
just before calls today I've been
finishing tests but I would I also
discovered a lot of discrepancies
between Giuseppe FS Android gamers while
reading sources of going too fast so
I've been adding other stuff like
support for not changed response so if
the web browser has has an immutable
file already in its cache and the e-tag
header matches then Jeff's ipfs won't
send it again it will just say yeah you
had the latest version and that way we
we should save a lot of bandwidth for
our users so that's like an update from
the GUI and web browser side I'm sort of
blocked on some peers that are open and
I'll probably add more so I think there
will be a new better release with about
fixes I will probably use a forked
version of Jessica files just to push
changes to better channel and start
testing them and that's that's my update
that's right on the companion in brave
beta and it was very exciting because it
turned works as well and it specific
question is from nothing yeah if you
click on the hands do you feel free to
move you mentioned some differences
between JFS go activists ah is there a
central place where those types of
differences are noted so from an
interoperability standpoint you can kind
of foresee what what kind of problems
might be there or where we need to show
it actually maybe that's one question is
is there that's a good that's a good way
around having those two implementations
of the same architecture be yeah so we
actually we have a set of interrupt
tests that run against go ipfs and jay
said give us it's just we it's just the
matter that of the coverage right
those small cases around HTTP headers
were either not covered by tests or
we've just added something to go at give
us but test landed to go ETFs but were
not added to interrupt so we were not
aware that JCAP first was missing stuff
like that so basically when i add
support to just ipfs I will also like PR
our Interop repo which will then guard
against and the regressions cool Allah
Chinese news to me all I knew was the
J's interface cool repo but that now is
only was wanted to be this but became
just interval between chase IP pheasant
is BFS HTTP client
maybe I'll ensure knows more but he's
remaining mr. heads did you interrupt
tests have been around for a long time
if there are if you notice Interop
problems then absolutely it's
appropriate to raise an issue there and
or send a PR with a test that's failing
and we can really try and sort of help
or even better send a pee-pee our test
is fading and a fix to go I can best
handle J's ipfs which would be like the
most bestest thing you could do
of course peers gratefully accepted in
reek as go here's update next I will
share for him desktop so we've updated
just up for the latest go release we've
updated desktop to be able to add ipfs
to that path on snap packages and
there's been a new release of J's multi
codec I'm not sure that's in there some
equipment support array buffer as an
alternative to buffer input if you're
chatting at me I can't see well that's
good to know what's good to know that
there's been a release good there's been
a release it's ready you can have it and
next up we're gonna be adding I give s
to the users pass on at runtime from so
this is the work has already been done
to and I possess to the Past that it
happens at its install time for Linux
and that runtime for Mac and it
basically there's three different code
paths depending on your operating system
and there's a pull request in reads been
working on to normalize that logic so
that it's always done at runtime and
there's a if we need permissions we just
ask the user and say we'd like to
install ipfs on your as a command-line
tool is that okay please give us
permissions to do so which would reduce
the amount of code we have a number of
conditions we have to check for and
simplify this is what is relatively
complex procedure and we're looking good
for release and open o dot eight release
all of my biggest desktop which would
include all the good work that has gone
on in JSOC has to reduce it bundles
always plus some fixes that found for
adding files file drop in web UI but
most note like that release is mostly
around install desktop and get desktop
app get demon monster stuff up and get
the IPS command-line tools all done for
you in one hand the install so that we
can then update the website with hey
desktop user here's how you get
type II vets is the one one trick to
participate in I'll be around
next up do you want to share thing so
here last week
I thanked bunch of work on products Co
but the main things is that we ship the
customer validation and do I log in so
everything is online for those of you
guys who are looking to create new
tutorials but the trick for you and the
readme is also updated is that with
everything so the tariff plan nice work
rewarding everything and making
everything super explicit so yeah you
can just browse the readme while you're
making a new tutorial and I think you
are good to go if you need anything just
open up an issue and will guide you
through and I never just exist while
merging stuff our Travis Canfield was
writing so we take that yeah and now we
have we can cheat on us code so if you
okay I'm just going to show the this is
the hardest rank so if you're feeling
yeah it's not this one but yeah so if
you guys are feeling stuck while trying
to resolve this they're like oh no I'm
not sure either
yeah you can now feel the solution and
feel like you've been a good job when
submitting cuz you always passed away so
this was just only the developers could
see the solution but now everybody can
see so if you guys don't wanna
if you guys want to press everything you
just can't come to any lesson here
solution submit that to make you feel
intelligent we might need a new icon for
past by cheating not sure what that with
the place I'll have to have like having
like maybe a slider or something that
you have to like unlock first you're
like are you sure you want to reveal the
solution yeah I was thinking a
line-by-line reveal they're like just
tell him I like slow reveal yeah one
thing that I thought about was hiding
this and this just just showing this
when or example someone tried to submit
like two or three times but I'm not sure
if that's what your wife's or not so for
now I just put it out there so it's it's
always available but if you guys have
any suggestions to change their way of
this yeah one of the things on our list
is event what's the nice word we're
using when we want to say tracking which
kind of tracking analytics Emma tree I I
think I noticed yoga dropped a note in
like here's where we would edge
telemetry somewhere we want to add that
stuff but we haven't added any of it yet
and that will help us figure out which
of these things are too hard which right
now it's very clear from the reports
that come in are we also tracking how
many tough a mess out but then they
eventually get it themselves are we
tracking how many times they click they
know in breath right now we're not
tracking anything we're just a little it
would be interesting maybe there were
levels like like you're saying oh I I
got it without help or I required help
but it might be interesting also
additionally if there was like levels
you know first try again I'm first
first try each time mm-hmm yeah it seems
I don't know actually anything about
telemetry but seems like something we'd
be able to do based on the patterns of
clicking within a lesson probably I
think I mean I think I really was
talking about a feature I could use a
facing feature anything else
you're talking about do we have data on
how wealthy people doing I'm just
talking about if we like if we gave them
an an icon that said you know did it all
on your own or you know you did it with
a leg up
maybe there's degrees of that you know
like you did it on your own but it took
you you know you know you gotta I feel
like it'll just make you feel bad it's
mostly about no this is about like you
did it you did it on the first try
straight on through you know ace you
know a plus plus you know it wouldn't be
about giving anyone a ding if they did
it on the first try or creepy mascot you
got it on the hundredth try every time
Congrats
yeah I don't know
leave the EXO that is something that we
could spin on for a while so it'd be
good to have that issue issue for that
if anyone wants to raise on yeah Clary
is that interesting
yeah I think I saw I'm not sure which
side I don't know if it's like called
Academy or use Ayami or something like
that that has a bunch of badges that you
earn when completing license
I won't badges yeah but but that's a lot
of work but I'm sure it's not priority
right now but you can have like a
profile where you're hyper registered
stuff like that it may be cool but not
for now we could do a health bar so that
every time you get a bit wrong you lose
a little bit of your health
oh and then we can measure at the end of
success how healthy people were at the
end of the test burnout but I made it
through yeah but what if you lose like
three hours trying trying to figure
something out but only submit once and
it's okay
there's a lot of magic I don't sounds
like we would need to work out what the
goal would be for this know there's lots
of Syrian political coca so am i moving
on this was the main thing and yeah
we've done a bunch of rewarding to some
license I'm working on the validation
and the solution of the final lesson of
the box and I did a fix of the code
highlighting that this this stuff now
you guys can show logs to the user
without him having to open the console
the dev tools but if this change this
wasn't getting updated but now it is
yeah let's go and that's about it for me
I think it was like a big noise next up
is me okay how do I chairs if you
haven't seen it DIY dog walk it's rad
for badges classes it's a good resource
what if I did I was away for Easter I
went on multiple Easter egg hunts it was
fun it's really easy to beat people with
tiny legs like children to get Easter
eggs but what did I really do I proposed
an IP FS office hours this was kicked
around with the project working group
the suggestion is that we get the
feedback that likeness of a wildering
array of repos and it's hard even for
folks who are full-time focus on this to
know where to start as a contributor so
an octa cell where you just be available
on a call announce it on the ipfs weekly
and have an hour a week where there's no
agenda it's just a couple of cool
members okay that's will be available to
answer your questions like I really want
to get started as a contributor or I've
got this issue and I've started trying
to hack around in it but I don't know
where to go next or I'm stuck on this
bug I'm something to give a leg up to
people who want to contribute but don't
know whether start if you are interested
in commenting on that might have ideas
please go to Oakland community issue 407
and else there was a cool bug with one
of our main features which was uploading
files to IP abets this is in the webview
eyes way the this was kind of
interesting it was it took a while for
me to trace it down probably because my
head hasn't been in that part of the
code base for a while and also because
there was another bug is uploading
directories of files in web UI
from my Peters desktop that I hadn't
there was occluding this book so the two
books were kind of totally separate but
in the same part of the functionality so
that was fun this bug was basically he
couldn't upload a file on more than one
Meg but it really wasn't it was a burner
between the interface between pull
streams and node streams and there's
this interesting so Hugo did a lot of
great work to reduce the bundle silence
but there was we had a similar module
dependency that was called cool stream
to stream the was doing the work of
taking up all stream wrapping it up and
presenting it as a regular node stream
and the replacement module that Hugo
wrote was great but it missed one key
fix which was that node streams might
call read a bunch times without waiting
patiently and pull streams don't like it
if you do that pull strings over
contract whereby the sink must must
request the next chunk with callback and
then wait and then when that call backs
well then it can ask for the next chunk
and if you do things out of order in a
pool stream things break pretty quickly
so what we were seeing was you got
blowed we had web UI has a module that
as they takes a fluid however big the
file is it'll just feed it to the next
stream along in chunks of one Meg so we
were seeing a few chunks of one they get
make it and then the street would end
and then a few more chunks of one Meg
will turn up after the stream ended and
and of course in stream world it's
pretty bad to send a tender then before
you've actually finished someone in the
chat if you've got if you want to
interrupt please just jump in because
trying to like see the chat why it's
working is quite an odd work
I'd like to see a CSS page turned from
an hour to peak institution and I've to
another meeting no okay okay
there worries anyway so that's where the
majority of my week went and the good
news is fix and then he go propose he
dug into the most proposed solutions
like I think we can do better
so he's got a Tydeus wish plaque but the
good news is it's fixed and so is the
dropping directories in desktop so you
could drop directories in Chrome and
Firefox no problem they're dropping
directories in desktop or had at work in
it so both of those are fixed which
means that we are all clear of major
blockers for releasing the next the next
releases of review I understood which is
clean um there was also a tiny UX issue
I say timely it wasn't super annoying UX
issue on dropping dropping files in an
empty directory or any directory that
didn't have many things in it so we've
got a drop handler that's part of the
file list that detects oh you dropped a
thing in a folder but and then I keep
telling them gifts but they the file
list doesn't extend to the full height
of the screen so if you drop the thing
below the file list it was being handled
by the app level drop drop target and
the app level drop target was like oh
you've just dropped it anywhere on the
app so I'm gonna upload it to the root
of your own offense so you thought you
were uploading something to like roots
watch Michael directory drops things in
there but actually you were always
uploading things to the roof that was
surprising I gotta quit fixing or back
it's better now Eric did a good design
review I and I've been slowly getting
feedback and occasionally as at the time
dropping in his changes so he noticed
that the contrast on the text on main
action buttons at connection and our
file was not high enough to meet
accessibility guidelines so he made a
proposal to be malignant
so we'll just be slowly grooming the
review life or any accessibility
transmissions that's an ongoing process
else then a bunch of it docks site and
[Music]
nothing else too exciting
what they do next finally there would be
having some intern test file upload to
web UI on desktop we can't find out
about that in production it's terrible
also now that we have solutions to
questions in school in spare moments I
am having tests to just just integration
tester basically run through all the
classes and make sure that the solutions
work and make sure that protocol is
still functional this is also helpful
because I've gotta know compared to
update case our connects to the latest
release for protocol but the only way to
know whether we've broken anything right
now is to manually go through and try
and complete all of the role of the
protocol classes so I think that is a
good job for a robot and I'm working on
it otherwise I'll be working on content
for you at camp and cutting waste is a
desktop tomorrow that's me
any questions don't put them in there so
polite click please ask me a question
Eric I thought you had your hand raised
for us Jim oh you guys okay so okay so
my question was very very short the when
can we expect but you I will be this
week and hopefully desktop moving this
week it is Whitaker he's and I'm
standing the odds and getting worst case
scenario before this meeting next week
next up I think it's Eric yes I had no
question I was merely calling attention
to the polite individual who did feel
free to unmute and shout in these cases
yes I let's see desktop yep further as
Holly mention fleshed out some desktop
UI suggestions both from a accessibility
standpoint and some interaction design
ideas which may or may not work food for
thought narrate for example I'm perhaps
simplifying the hash Explorer box by
removing the Explorer button in sort of
a googly way again a lot of this is
really food for thought and one big
outcome is that I end up knowing
understand better understanding how
these things work at the tail end of it
but perhaps we get a toggle for the for
the desktop UI
which allows you to turn the to turn
your demon back on which is cannot be
done I guess on the on the on the web UI
so those that would that would mean that
those two start to diverge again but any
rate something to discuss and some
thoughts about modifying the graph to
make it a little bit maybe a little bit
more useful informative because if if
one of the if your output is lower than
your then your an upload then or then
then you you lose that tracking visually
so perhaps we we put a line chart on top
of everything and maybe make right now
you have to hover over it like this
the dot at the top of each each data
point so that that's that's kind of
fudging it might not be super intuitive
but right now the graph is deliberately
stacked so that the output an input like
it's not corresponding to the height is
corresponding to the distance on top of
the blue line so that orange will always
be equal to or above thus you're like
total in and out bandwidth is the sum
total of the two cool okay see ya but
regardless you know putting the putting
a line on top I think
well it doesn't need to be an accessible
color so but making it a higher contrast
no darker color I think adds visual
punch to the whole thing it makes it
easier to track and also the bigger
changed here is is making the entire the
entire chart is essentially hoverball
kind of like actually kind of like
google analytics where you just can
hover anywhere up here and there's a
little vertical vertical rule that lets
you know a line lets you know exactly
what time you're looking at like we have
pain in the neck to implement but yeah I
think that's cool instead right now you
have to hover directly on the point and
it straight ahead in there and then in
progress
I'm doing some brainstorming with a
couple of the cluster people about
raspberry pi enhancement like LED
readouts for their proto school like
whenever you pin something it would
light up and doing just just just little
little fun just fun interaction for to
add some life to their
to their presentation and if anyone has
you know wants to make their content a
little bit more fun let's talk and
additionally I'm I'm in the middle
almost done with taking my first proto
school class and and while I was doing
that I thought oh why don't I just go
ahead and you know make a branch in and
do some editorial updates that that
strike me which might be completely
off-base but at any rate it helps me
understand it better as I you know some
kind of writing as I don't so carry you
and I'm just in general sense general PL
sense trying to add more process
surrounding how design gets done and you
know part of that is setting up this
design shop which was that I think the
design lab and and then additionally
trying I'm kind of blocked right now on
setting up a global design issue sort of
github project board for the to check
the pulse
you just like you go to this board and
you can see what our designers are doing
period you know and you could see the
priority and whatnot so hopefully that
that'll get us toward a little bit more
you know sanity for people like Agata
Young next doing helping to design a
component library ASAP just get that
banged out and etc did you get many
useful responses to you get this
question and some but I'm going to be
I'll just steal that into a little a
little read out and there might be a
couple of you know meaty more meaty
from that hopefully again that that's
that's very much about me understanding
the the user so that I can internalize
moving forward
Dietrich yeah you mentioned a service
you are offering adding fun to things
like what types of fun are you offering
well in terms of presentations if you
have if you have one for is that is that
a laugh you're hiding chair that was the
last class those are the worst so it's a
lot and sometimes consolation prize for
consolation if you are doing if you have
a presentation for ipfs camp and you
know just in terms not only of like if
you have visuals for that I would love
to see them but additionally
experiential enhancements you know are
always are always fun digital projection
staff visuals you know just thinking you
know is there any way to make make
things just add add drama and flash
which would not supplant you know or
diminish their gravitas and you know and
reality of what you're really learning
but you know spoonful of sugar yeah okay
so I will not bother showing you this
because you've seen it before but the
ability to build a pro no school lessons
that requires a file upload has actually
been merged into third base now it has
just been sitting in this PR for some
time against we had too many things
mixed together and the logo said so
a smurf sipping so that means that the
work on the MF s tutorial is in its own
PR and that's Thiago mentioned we've
been improving the instructions as we go
along and add new features so that the
instructions for building tutorials are
getting better by any means
my latest excitement today is fi camp
actually happening again then it will
have been like a year and a half so
really excited about this we are at the
stage of having this live or application
is live there's $150 discount right now
[Music]
um and we'll be doing more heavy
promotion starting this afternoon but
our top secret emails to like woo we
love you the best
no we love you the best no we love you
the best you get three emails that's
move you the best so we're excited about
this there's also a blog post which in
traditional offline camp fashion makes
you review many photos of triplets and
llamas and Oregon Trail clips before it
reveals a thank you so we got all that
awaiting Oh
so Ollie you mentioned that this idea of
doing like office hours when we were in
Lisbon I said oh but my purse are doing
that on ipfs community working your
problem I Paul doesn't exist anymore and
I recycled the time slot into a protocol
so it will be people who are building
tutorials people who are organizing
chapters etc so both like what are the
updates what have we done to change the
UI and what's going on in your chapters
are you succeeding at holding your
community etc so everybody's welcome to
join that you can click the link to this
github machine learning more about that
um it occurred to me that we should
actually use our Twitter accounts to
tell people when we add UI improvements
I've done a little bit of
that so far advertising our cheating
scheme and then the MF s tutorial I am
plugging away on and it's much improved
by a lot of the features that we have
now so in particular as we're like
moving files around the ability to just
show people what's under the hood
instead of making them run another LS
command in their code is lovely so
plugging away at that one so more of
that coming off like a promotion and I
also have to not type for fifteen
minutes out of every hour so if people
have suggestions for what I should do
with my time and positive one can't
dictate code so who is make and model
Steve whose idea thank you was it's his
design company they're like web more
like product slash web design I guess so
he originally and now I can actually
update it without breaking that's very
exciting
awesome yes I forgot to show I forgot to
scroll and show people that PL is our
first listed sponsor robot like you if
you know other companies I can get money
from please let me know and you know
these these people might be good to put
on our list of potential no outside
helpers to and help us crank through and
if frankly if anyone has any I you know
has connections with designers
photographers etcetera etcetera you know
creatives who who do contract work or
you know freelance and agencies whatnot
we do great work feel free to send them
my way or send me links because there's
a big backlog
you know I've designed stuff to do
the next up we have Dietrich also we
have three more people listed in the
thing and 15 minutes no you go nuts
noted that's gonna take me 15 minutes to
share my screen though so saying uh song
where's you holding music so I'm gonna
be honest I really should have not gone
to any other meetings besides this one
because it really just resulted in lots
of other things to do so I don't have a
lot of GUI in my browser work to share
but a couple of fun things maybe this is
a slide I put together for somebody was
going to do a presentation at a large
media network company they're like we
just need one slide to be able to kind
of show it everything that our whole
stack could offer them from a business
standpoint of different opportunities
they can have so fun fun exercises and
how do we communicate really complex
incredible stack including that full
paradigm shift to an entirely different
network architecture if you have
comments or improvements or if you ever
need stuff like this feel free to reach
out and I can maybe help put it together
hopefully in through the collaborations
work we'll have a set of resources like
this so when people like you go out and
talk to potential collaborators or users
of our customers as you were you can
share this information with it well make
sense and being their language if not
yours and did I do
I had a little side project helping
wrangle some exploration into what parts
of my professors were used by file coins
I put together arid kind of a
visualization at a dependency graph and
then go ipfs it didn't work out so Erica
I might
your help here adding some fun to this
dependency graph but the the most
interesting part is the one this is that
bottom bottom right corner where I see
the go for J s library included in go
ipfs which I really want to track down
what that's being used for or maybe I
don't want to know I'm not sure but most
of most of what I did for the rest of
the week was related to other working
groups and other projects that will
hopefully be some fun stuff coming out
like corporations working groups that
will help us in our browser and
ignitions work that's me
noise who is next
I'm looking at the wrong document card
sure of note Dietrich your business
slide looks business yeah sure
there we go found the I'm not normally
here anymore because the times haven't
changed and now I can't make it I
apologize I tried to put some notes in
sometimes what have I been working on
interesting stuff for you guys the
async/await changes in Jess ipfs we've
been working on basically rewriting the
whole of Jess I confess lip it be and I
PMD to use like casing its razors and
async/await
and we're almost about 50% of the
modules that we want to change a wave a
pull request or proposal in progress so
that means we're making we're making
progress is taking ages but we're
basically rewriting order to go from the
ground up and there's a lot of decisions
to be made and a lot like should
entities so it's just second one well
I've been so go at this zero for 20 was
released so went ahead and oh wait hang
on I've prepared a prepared tabs for
these anyway this is the it's the issue
for the async it raises stuff like we
can see we use from emojis to signify
what has almost been done or not and
we're basically orange ease we've got
some nice green apples but if you know
Creon like 49 percent which is kind of
cool most stuff is being worked on or
whatever so here we go that's that so go
up your first step this is the NPM
module that that you can install which
would still go IDs into your node
modules folder for you I go ipfs 0 for
20 was released and every time that
everyone go access gets released we need
to release a go at the first step
version just so you get the latest
version as well so I did that that was a
week or two ago I think that's kind of
interesting before you flip back to
where was I here we go oh yeah so I did
swallowed that
because I have been here for a little
while I thought I'd just let you know
that I'd send an equesticle a p2p mdns
which gives it the ability to discover
go I confessed notes on the local
network using mdns as well as
discovering like existing JS ipfs notes
so discover both which is good so we're
compatible but also income at the same
time so fun times but that's so this
sort of like a stopgap until there is a
proposal for like the next version of
mdns which is going to use use it a bit
better than we do at the moment because
the go emptiness implemented I thought
this was going to take literally 5-10
minutes to look and see what was
different and then fix it happen and
send the PR but it took me ages because
the implementation of how does this done
in go is really funky and I couldn't
figure out like you it starts listening
on a port for five seconds and it sends
out an EM DNS request to everyone but it
asks for the response to be sent back
unicast so I was looking at the network
and going like why guys serious they're
really responses and because like
obviously I won't wasn't being sent it
like yeah anyway so it this was all
around and poor wait for five seconds
get some responses this is all the
different running pool this is like
polling mdns which she's not meant to do
so it's kind of fun but so this
basically brings Gerry TBM DNS in
compatibility with that implementation
and so this pull request is ready to go
just into final review and merge the
last thing I had been working on is you
might be interested in the Jace ipfs
okay ours they are
it's taken me ages I've been really ill
the last few weeks so I have been at
less than half capacity but we've kind
of got a bunch of okay ours ready and
people have agreed to own them so I
think I'm sure
be transferring them into the
spreadsheet I'm not gonna talk about now
because we're going to record a video
with all of the reasoning and stuff on
it and that would be way more
interesting to listen to so that's
that's the our wits and there's like
next yeah so I'm currently deep in
trying to change Lippe GPM plex to the
async await it is an Plex is this well
multiplexing is this way of using one
particular stream or connection to
service multiple multiple clients I
guess so you can without them getting
all confused in between so it kind of
picked me because over the the the
roughness and having to like pick out a
packet is it mine no or but it basically
does that for you and gives it to the
right person so that's nice and so yeah
I'm deep in the in the boughs of that
looking at the existing jeaious
implementations the need as a new poll
poll streams version of it the well it's
not really new but it has it was written
and never got included into the p2p and
also looking at the go ipfs
implementation of it as well just to
check that we're doing the right thing
but at the moment i am i under stand how
it works and i have something that's way
shorter and less complicated than what's
already there so i'm getting happier
that's it
that's it for me thank you for your time
thank you for your time
any questions for ellen hugo mr. Diaz go
for it so the public quests from Jacob
to add pool templates should we go like
forget about requests and wait for the
stuff you're doing or what you think we
should
if it is it is it has been proven to be
better
I've already looking at it today found
that there's a problem in that it
doesn't clean up the so when you're
using an plex you ask for new frames
each time every time I want to talk to
like a different protocol to someone and
it doesn't clean up those those like it
though they can be closed properly and
that's fine but those references will
still hang around it and they never get
the liters so they won't be garbage
collected so that's something we
probably need to fix up and also there's
like a hard limit of how many streams
that can be that can be opened which
isn't in the existing implementation and
because these streams aren't being
cleaned up will ya not me to this sort
of so there's these two problems I found
and so I'm gonna have to pause you there
gentlemen I think this is a conversation
that could be taken offline and we have
three minutes left on the clock for Hugo
to deliver whatever he would like to
share with us yes
sharing the right thing so basically we
working on I can s over DNS stuff
starting with adding support for
resolving happiness paths with the
domains we had a meeting the IPS Tiger
team I open an issue about making ipfs
named resolve recursive and also IP has
resolved without the name part so the
single resolved and the IPS with no
but that basically breaks Ibanez over
pub/sub so I open an issue about it
and I'm trying to finish the the resolve
first and then figure out what's going
on with that yeah I had it tests to DGP
client when it's related to the IP
enesta because they weren't there they
had put the interface interface tests
and then I would look into the stuff
Ally already talked about the Poe
streams not being correctly transformed
into streams
yeah that's fixed now and the finishing
adding support for the filed on the API
to the HTTP client yeah that's that's it
I'm locked with the recursive thing I
just talked
yeah I'm finishing the tests for the
file Dom API and I will also have
support for it on the GFS and I'll
continue my work on the Ibanez over the
NS that's it so that that means that we
will be able to pass a dumb file object
straight to my penis head so basically
this example was using the package
called poor either stream something and
now you can just pass directly the files
list not the files list but an array so
you need to do something like this and
pass the array directly can pass the
rate directly
you don't need to use any any other
stuff you just pass it directly and the
stream is created inside automatically
mmm great
I will save us some lines of code yes
any questions for Hugo then at one
minute past 6:00
we have completed a round of updates is
there anything that anyone desperately
want to speak about then if it's not
burning inside you to say it so quickly
then it's can't wait till next week when
we will meet again for another edition
of ipfs gooey and in web browsers weekly
sync this has been lovely see you soon
bye
[Music]